Add documentation for play media in yamaha_musiccast (#18995)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/yamaha_musiccast.markdown

- It is not possible to let mediaplayer entities of the same device (e.g., different zones) be in distinct groups.
- If a non-main zone is the master of a group, it is not possible to let other mediaplayers of the same device join this group.

## Play Media functionality

> The MusicCast integration supports the Home Assistant media browser for all streaming sevices, your device supports. For services such as deezer you have to login using the official musiccast app. In addition, local HTTP URLs can be played back using this service. This includes the Home Assistant text to text services.
> 
> It is also possible to recall netusb presets using the play media service. To do so "presets:<preset_num>" has to be uses as media_content_id in the service call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MusicCast integration supports the Home Assistant media browser for all streaming services, your device supports. For services such as Deezer, you have to log in using the official MusicCast app. In addition, local HTTP URLs can be played back using this service. This includes the Home Assistant text to text services.

It is also possible to recall NetUSB presets using the play media service. To do so "presets:<preset_num>" has to be used as `media_content_id` in the service call.
```

### Examples:

This is an example service call that plays an audio file from a web server on the local network (like the Home Assistant built-in webserver):

```yaml
service: media_player.play_media
target:
  entity_id: media_player.sonos
data:
  media_content_type: "music"
  media_content_id: "http://192.168.188.18:8123/local/sound_files/doorbell-front.mp3"
```

This example call shows how to call netusb preset 1:

```yaml
service: media_player.play_media
target:
  entity_id: media_player.buro
data:

>   media_content_id: presets:1
>   media_content_type: music

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  media_content_id: "presets:1"
  media_content_type: "music"
```
